# Snowflake Run SQL Action


Description
-----------
Runs an arbitrary SQL query on Snowflake. Snowflake is an analytic data warehouse provided as 
Software-as-a-Service (SaaS). Snowflake provides a data warehouse that is faster, easier to use, and far more 
flexible than traditional data warehouse offerings.

Configuration
-------------

### Basic

**Label:** Label for UI.

**Account Name:** Snowflake account name and region and possibly a cloud specifier. (Part of the URL you use to 
log in to Snowflake, minus the "snowflakecomputing.com"). E.g. "myaccount.us-central1.gcp".

**Database:** Database name to connect to.

**Schema:** Schema name to connect to.

**Warehouse:** Warehouse to connect to.

**Role:** Role to use (e.g. `ACCOUNTADMIN`).

**Query:** SQL query to run.

### Credentials

**Username:** User identity for connecting to the specified database.

**Password:** Password to use to connect to the specified database. Not necessary for Key Pair or OAuth2 authentication.

### Key Pair Authentication

**Key Pair Authentication Enabled:** If true, plugin will perform Key Pair authentication.

**Private Key:** Private key contents.

**Key File Passphrase:** Passphrase for the private key file.

### OAuth2

To use OAuth2, user must create a snowflake security integration for it.
For more info see [Introduction to OAuth in Snowflake](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/user-guide/oauth-intro.html)

**OAuth2 Enabled:** If true, plugin will perform OAuth2 authentication.

**Client ID:** Client id obtained via system function 
[SYSTEM$SHOW_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRETS](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/sql-reference/functions/system_show_oauth_client_secrets.html)

**Client Secret:** Client id obtained via system function 
[SYSTEM$SHOW_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRETS](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/sql-reference/functions/system_show_oauth_client_secrets.html)

**Refresh Token:** Token used to receive accessToken, which is end product of OAuth2. Must be generated by user.

### Advanced

**Connection Arguments:** List of arbitrary string tag/value pairs as connection arguments. See: [JDBC Driver Connection String.](https://docs.snowflake.net/manuals/user-guide/jdbc-configure.html#jdbc-driver-connection-string)
